--  Create an AWS Account: If you don't already have one, sign up for an AWS account at https://aws.amazon.com/. 
    You'll need this account to access AWS services.

--  Create an IAM User: In the AWS Management Console, go to the IAM service and create a new IAM user. 
    This user will be used to access AWS services from your application.

--  Create an IAM Policy: Create a new IAM policy that grants the necessary permissions to your IAM user. 
    For example, you might need permissions to access the AWS DynamoDB service to store user data.

--  Create an IAM Role: Create a new IAM role that allows your application to assume the permissions of the IAM user. 
    Attach the IAM policy you created in the previous step to this role.

5.  Create an OAuth 2.0 Client: In the AWS Management Console, go to the AWS Cognito service and create a new OAuth 2.0 client. 
    This client will be used to authenticate users and obtain access tokens.

6.  Configure the OAuth 2.0 Client: Configure the OAuth 2.0 client with the necessary settings, such as the callback URL for your application and the scopes that you want to request.

7.  Implement OAuth 2.0 in Your Application: Implement OAuth 2.0 in your application using a library or framework that supports it. 
    For example, you might use the aws-sdk library for Node.js or the aws-amplify library for JavaScript.

8.  Authenticate Users: Use the OAuth 2.0 client to authenticate users and obtain access tokens. 
    You can then use these access tokens to access AWS services on behalf of the user.

9.  Store User Data: Store user data in AWS DynamoDB or another AWS service. 
    This data might include information about the user's preferences, such as their favorite music genres or artists.

10. Use AWS Services: Use AWS services to build the rest of your application. 
    For example, you might use AWS Lambda to run serverless functions, AWS API Gateway to create APIs, and AWS S3 to store static assets.

11. Test and Deploy: Test your application to ensure that it works as expected. 
    Once you're satisfied, deploy it to a production environment.

12. Monitor and Maintain: Monitor your application to ensure that it's running smoothly. 
    Keep an eye on performance metrics and user feedback. Make any necessary updates or improvements.

By following these steps, you can start by authorizing the user using OAuth 2.0 through AWS. This will allow you to securely authenticate users and access AWS services on their behalf.